This document how images are handled by urxvt.
Images are only XImage (through gdkpixbuf) which are displayed over
the characters area. Their position is kept consistent across terminal
actions.

Code: 730
$ printf '\33]730;<FORMAT>\007'

Simple example:
$ printf '\33]730;hello.jpg\007'

Full <FORMAT> is:
  <filename>;[flag[:<flag-options>];]...


  <filename> is an absolute path-name
  <options> are colon-separated words.
  flag could be:

  - "pad": about padding: Padding is not about the area around the image,
    	   but area "under" the image.
    Options are:
    - horiz: add horizontal padding (ie move the "cursor" horizontally).
      	     The cursor will stay on the same line while moving right the
	     needed number of columns according to image width.
    - vert: add vertical padding (ie move the "cursor" vertically X times
      	    according to image height).
      	    The next characters or images displayed will not override the
	    image vertically nor horizontally.
	    Unless "horiz" is set, "vert" set cursor column to 0, ie:
	    the cursor will start at the beginning of the next usable line.
    - nohoriz: this keeps the cursor from moving horizontally after the
      	       image is displayed.
    - novert: this keeps the cursor from moving vertically after the
      	      image is displayed. This is used to display images "inline".
    - nocum: by default, when "novert" is used, vertical spacing is needed
      	     to avoid the next prompt to override images. This option,
	     mostly useful with "novert" ensure that successive vertical
	     spacing are "stored" and "additioned" so that, after the first
	     image ending the line ("vert"), a correct number of newlines is
	     added. See the "flush" flag.


    Default is: "vert"
    If "novert" is used, default becomes "horiz" + "nocum"


  - "dim": about dimensions of the image.
    Options are:
    - scale: Scale the image to the exact width and height specified.
      	     If exactly one of width or height is -1, scale will
	     respect the image ratio.
    - size: Scale down the image to at most WxH while always preserving
	    the ratio.
	    Both width and height (unsigned int) must be specified.
    - %dx%d: Any other value is passed to sscanf("%dx%d") and treated as
      	     the couple of dimension separated by the "x" character.

    Default is to not apply any transformation to the image.
    If only a valid couple of dimensions are provided, default are:
    - scale: if one of the dimension is -1
    - size: if both dimensions are positive
    no dimensioning is done otherwise


  - "pos": about positioning.
    Options are:
    - rel: position is relative to the current cursor position.
    - abs: position is relative to the current top-left edge of the visible
      	   area of the terminal.
    - eol: the image is put at the nearest to end-of-line possible position.
    - %dx%d: Any other value is passed to sscanf("%dx%d") and treated as
      	     the couple of coordinates separated by the "x" character.

    Default is to not apply any coordinate-based positioning to the image.
    If only coordinates are provided, default are:
    - abs: if one coordinate is negative
    - rel: otherwise

    If "abs" or "rel" is used, every padding-related options are ignored
    and spacing (cursor movement), if needed, must be handled manually.
    If "eol" is used, padding-related options apply.


  - "flush": this flag relates to padding. If used, filename must be empty or
    	     non-existent. If a queued vertical-padding exists (after one or
	     multiple inline'd images were displayed (using "novert"), then
	     newlines will finally be printed.
	     This flags does not take options.


  - "wrap": not implemented yet. No options are available.
    This flag set the behavior when resizing occurs.
    If "wrap" is set and resizing-down occurs, image will wrap if it can't
    fit in the space between it's left edge and the right border of the terminal.
    If pos:eol is set, and resizing-up occurs images will always stick to the
    right border of the terminal.
